Background Information: "Spotify Wrapped is a feature presenting Spotify users’ 100 most played songs from the past year.
In 2021, Spotify Wrapped calculated an 'Audio Aura' for each user, a 'reading of [their] two most prominent moods as dictated by [their] top songs and artists of the year.'
Suppose Spotify determines an audio aura by looking at the average energy, valence, and danceability of a person’s top 100 songs from the past year.
In answers.txt, reflect on the following questions:"

Question 1: "If songs.db contains the top 100 songs of one listener from 2018, how would you characterize their audio aura?"
Answer 1: If songs.db contains the top 100 songs of one listener from 2018, then one way I could characterize their audio aura would be
by using SQL prompts to take the mean value of the database's energy, valence, and danceability values for all songs. Then, I would compare
the numerical mean values to a database containing standardized energy, valence, and danceability value for different moods (eg. happy, sad, etc).
From this database, I would pick the top two moods that most closely match the user's evaluated mean values, and display them to the user,
along with a percent score of how closely they match those two moods.

Question 2: "Hypothesize about why the way you’ve calculated this aura might not be very representative of the listener.
What better ways of calculating this aura would you propose?"
Answer 2: The way I've calculated the user's audio aura might not be very representative of the listener for two reasons.
First of all, mean values are very susceptable to data fluctuations, meaning if a user listened to seven songs with extremely large
energy scores, while the other 98 songs had average energy scores, it could skew the mean calculation for energy and make it seem
like the user listens to very energic songs, while they primarily do not. Also, certain categories might be underrepresented in Spotify's
musical catalogue. For example, it is possible that one year most songs have a very high danceability value, while most have a low valence level.
This could cause a user that listens primarily to songs with signifiantly higher valence than most other songs to still not have valence properly affect
their mood. To fix this, I would instead take the median of the energy, valence, and danceability values across the user's top 100 songs, and then use the median
to calculate the z-score of the energy, valence, and danceability values for each user when compared to the median of the energy, valence, and danceability
values across all users. I would then evaluate the user's moods by comparign the z-score to a table of standardized z-scores for each mood, and seeing which two ones
the user most closely matches.
